stay now with the week's top goals
this video is released for the whole
public
Tell people to come up here again and
again the top 11 weeks after the
People delayed and we sent sanfelice
top goals but no problem does not have
problem, I just wanted to say before
to start the episode for you here that
we get 200 range by having a
extra episode that only with goals turrets
only with those goals there that the goalkeeper
pullet or that goal very same turtle
that if we reach 200 lax I will
still release this week then no
forget to give that there even with
this episode is not so cool and
remembering that this episode has a
surprise that is only goal volley
I did not want to change the standard a bit and only
make a goal of a style only in a
video only right?
but without further ado let's start there
with the first goal of the italian villa looks
What a volley shot he really does
without goalkeeper he can catch very well
there volleyball and hit the ball up there
almost comes out and likes go and check
now the replay
He mentioned that he is in a camera.
slow after an accurate cross already
quickly grabbed the bow
enough and volleying goal but not
takes the merit of an effect 8
beyond the country
we now move on to the next goal of the
ram looks here shot he does
Look what the ball is doing there .
crossing it ends up taking the
low volley in the corner a beautiful goal of
volley confers there with replay the third
in this top goals
but second fox can charge
corner already dominated the chest and got
quickly volleyed the bond with him
gone
Aymara Quechua II
ae mateus
It's then we've already reached the first and arak
from igor costa, he's off target.
Does he pull and send a rocket?
of volleyball there my people look there
check in the replay that was very beautiful
no chance for the goalie that stayed
beat and I did not even see where that ball went
near the goal completing the first around
guard this topic this week
Of course I could not forget the goal
shit of the week and if you did some
goals and either took a goal like that
Send it to us and we'll play it.
here in the bonus of the week that every week
has it
but without further ado av that was
unlucky or who was the lucky one of the week
and it was him, henrique tavares
that he does
I do not know if he does he leads and brings
Look what the goalkeeper is not ready in
last week gave many laughs side
valdés that gave a huge frank but
Look what the goleirão does looks at what
he does it back there in a touch there's a
I do not know what it is to a spout
front but in the end he did not he spoke
Up and the ball ends up trying to stay.
cock
I hope you enjoyed this top enjoyment.
It is differentiated that only Congolese
and remembering our goal of 200 likes
will have an extra episode only with those
goals scored only with those goals
You do not want to go there, then you do not
forget about your fan even though this
episode was not so cool but I
I tried to change it, that's what counts then.
That hug for you and I went was already
is also looking to participate in the top
five goals of the week and then do not forget
to send an email with your goal there and
sports in the central of the sport only you
save when you have scored and if
It's really good you will show up here.
so do not forget the link is on
video description
send your goal to us and you can
appear here in the brazil program